hello and welcome to videojug we're
going to make monkfish with spicy prawn
spinach and yoghurt step 1 you will need
the following ingredients to serve 2
people 2 small loin of monkfish weighing
about 150 to 200 grams each 8 prawns
peeled and deveined 100 grams of fresh
spinach cooked and squeezed dry 3
tablespoons of cream 1/2 a teaspoon of
curry powder 1/2 a teaspoon of paprika a
pinch of cayenne 25 grams of butter 2
tablespoons of olive oil 100 grams of
yogurt salt and pepper and a few sprigs
of coriander for garnish here is a quick
summary of the ingredients in a handy
list
you will also need the following
utensils a saucepan a frying pan a spoon
a tray and a pair of tongs step to make
the spinach and prawn mix place a
saucepan over medium heat and allow to
warm through then add half the butter
allow to melt and when melted add the
prawns allow it to cook while stirring
then add the spinach paprika
curry powder KN and seasoned with salt
then pepper mix everything well together
with a spoon
then add the cream and combine until it
becomes fairly dry and warmed through
when nicely combined take off the heat
put aside and keep warm
step 3 season monkfish first salt then
pepper the loins turn them over and
season once more
step four cook monkfish into a heated
frying pan add two tablespoons of olive
oil and butter
then stir when the butter turns brownish
add the fish and leave to cook on a
medium to high heat for roughly 3 to 4
minutes before turning the loins over to
cook the other side for the same amount
of time
remove from the heat when cooked and
place onto a tray
Step five finishing touches place a
generous spoonful of the prawn and
spinach mix into the center of the
serving plate then carefully place a
loin of fish on top spoon over some of
the yogurt and finally top with a sprig
of coriander
and that's how to make monkfish with
spicy prawn spinach and yogurt the
videojug way enjoy